# python_class

The software projects created through Pycharm are simple programs that serve as a hypothetical requisition system. 
Staff_info follows a basic linear structure of coding with four defined functions working in ascending order. The format therefore encouraged good testibility since the first couple of defined functions were self contained so they could each be worked on one at a time and tested until they work as intended. Even when there was some crossover in the later functions the previous functions had already been tested enough to ensure any further errors likely not due to something written at the start. A linear format also makes the script easier to read and edit, begining with retaining staff information, the staff member's request and its value, determining status and finally printing the overall statistics, giving each function a single responsibilty. There should be little confusion of what code will be processed next since it is written in the same order as the output. The program is user friendly and allows the user to input data and will funtion as intended with varrying user inputs (as long as integers are used where intended). The staff_info program is not without fault, if the total exceeds 499, the items, their prices, total and pending status will print as intendend, but it will be followed by an error message which is not reassuring to a user that a program actually works. There is also a fair amount of repetion of printing certain statistics that could have been reserved for just the end. The printing of stats after each function may have been useful at the testing phase, but may be seen as redundant by other users. 

Requisitionsystem is similar to staff_info but uses the innitialise function built into Python. This allows hgjh to be used throughout multiple defined funtions without having to call back to the previous one. The program is written in a slightly less linear format which made testing rather difficult and harder to comprehend. Each defined function still has a reletively singular responsibility and somewhat reflects the order of output save for the submit_req function. There is not too much repetion in this code 
